README.md, before:

# Note Taker
![Code Size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/joshb4u/Hw11)
![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/joshb4u/Hw11)
![languages](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/joshb4u/Hw11)
![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/joshb4u/Hw11)


A Note Taker app, powered by express backend, is created that allows the user to take notes and save them to a database. The stored notes are displayed on the left hand side of the screen. Here the user can add/save more notes and view or delete saved notes. However, for the time being, no coding has been done to edit/modify the saved notes, and this can be done as future work.

## Installation
```
npm install
```

## Usage
```
node server.js
```

## Known issues
```
Cannot edit/modify the saved notes. For the timebeing, they can only be viewed, added or deleted.
```

## License
This project is licensed under MIT 

[![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/license)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)


## Sample Generated HTML



## Video Link
https://joshb4u.github.io/Hw11/Assets/video.mp4


## Preview (GIF)

![Hw11GifImage](Assets/video.gif)

Commit message:

Updated readme with deployed heroku link

README.md, after:

# Note Taker
![Code Size](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/joshb4u/Hw11)
![Repo Size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/joshb4u/Hw11)
![languages](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/joshb4u/Hw11)
![last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/joshb4u/Hw11)


A Note Taker app, powered by express backend, is created that allows the user to take notes and save them to a database. The stored notes are displayed on the left hand side of the screen. Here the user can add/save more notes and view or delete saved notes. However, for the time being, no coding has been done to edit/modify the saved notes, and this can be done as future work. The Note Taker Web App has also been deployed at heroku website and its link is given below.

## Installation
```
npm install
```

## Usage
```
node server.js
```

## Known issues
```
Cannot edit/modify the saved notes. For the timebeing, they can only be viewed, added or deleted.
```

## License
This project is licensed under MIT 

[![license](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/license)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)


## Note Taker HTML
https://joshb4u-notetaker.herokuapp.com/



## Video Link
https://joshb4u.github.io/Hw11/Assets/video.mp4


## Preview (GIF)

![Hw11GifImage](Assets/video.gif)
